Cahn-Hilliard and Navier-Stokes coupling implementation (#822)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/physical_properties.rst

* The ``specific heat solid`` is :math:`C_{p,s}`

> Cahn-Hilliard mobility model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cahn-Hilliard Mobility Model
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lethe supports two types of mobility models for the Cahn-Hilliard equations. Setting ``cahn hilliard mobility model = constant`` sets a constant mobility. Setting a ``cahn hilliard mobility model = quartic`` sets a quartic model for mobility:

.. math::
  M(\phi) = D(1-\phi^2)^2

> with :math:`D` the value set for ``cahn hilliard mobility constant``. A quartic mobility is required to recover a correct velocity according to Bretin et al. `[2] <https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2105.09627>`_ . Hence, it should used preferably when solving the coupled Cahn-Hilliard and Navier-Stokes equations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with :math:`D` the value set for ``cahn hilliard mobility constant``. A quartic mobility is required to recover a correct velocity according to Bretin *et al.* `[2] <https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2105.09627>`_ . Therefore, it is preferable to use it when solving the coupled Cahn-Hilliard and Navier-Stokes equations.
```
